feat: support new `Sage UI` typeface (#4992)
Sage/carbon: docs/getting-started.stories.mdx

You will need to install the following dependencies in your project, these are peer-dependencies of carbon-react and are required.

```sh

> npm install @sage/design-tokens@^2.3.0 react@^16.12.0 react-dom@^16.12.0 styled-components@^4.4.1

Reviewer: Sorry @Parsium not your changes I know - can you please update the React deps here to be `16.14.0` while you're changing this line anyway - we require those as peer deps now

```suggestion
npm install @sage/design-tokens@^2.3.0 react@^16.14.0 react-dom@^16.14.0 styled-components@^4.4.1
```

npm install draft-js@^0.11.5
```

> #### Global styleshee

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Global stylesheet
```

The font face definitions for both fonts are included in Carbon and can be directly imported into your code using one of the following snippets:

###### Using CSS

```css
/* Import Sage UI and CarbonIcons fonts */
@import "~carbon-react/lib/style/fonts.css";
```

###### Using JavaScript

```js
// Import Sage UI and CarbonIcons fonts
import "carbon-react/lib/style/fonts.css";
```

The `Sage UI` font files themselves are loaded via a public CDN under [license](https://github.com/Sage/design-tokens/blob/master/license), so we recommend preloading these in your entry point HTML file to avoid a "flash of unstyled text".

```html
<head>
  <!-- Preloading Sage UI fonts from CDN -->
  <link
    rel="preload"
    as="font"
    href="https://fonts.sage.com/Sage_UI-Regular.woff2"
    crossorigin="anonymous"
  />
  <link
    rel="preload"
    as="font"
    href="https://fonts.sage.com/Sage_UI-Medium.woff2"
    crossorigin="anonymous"
  />
  <link
    rel="preload"
    as="font"
    href="https://fonts.sage.com/Sage_UI-Bold.woff2"
    crossorigin="anonymous"
  />
</head>
```

##### Webfont Loader

> While not required, we also recommend using [`webfontloader`](https://github.com/typekit/webfontloader#custom) to control the loading behaviour. This forces the browser to wait until both fonts are loaded.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
While not required, we also recommend using [`webfontloader`](https://github.com/typekit/webfontloader#custom). This allows you to know when the fonts have finished loading. Once loaded you can render without risking a flash of unstyled text.
```

#### Fonts

Carbon requires the `Sage UI` and `CarbonIcons` fonts to display correctly. These will **_not_** be automatically loaded by Carbon, so you will required to load these into your application yourself.

##### CDN

To embed the `Sage UI` font, copy the code below into the `<head>` of your HTML:

```html
<link

>   rel="preload stylesheet"

Reviewer: Same comments as above

  href="https://fonts.sage.com/sage.css"
  as="font"
  type="text/css"
  crossorigin="anonymous"
/>
```

> The `CarbonIcons` font file is included within Carbon and just requires a `@font-face` to be defined for it (see under [Self Hosted](#self-hosted))

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The `CarbonIcons` font file is included within Carbon and must be [self hosted](#self-hosted)).
```

##### Self Hosted

> The font face definitions for `Sage UI` are already defined within the `@sage/design-tokens` package. Therefore once the package is installed the fonts can be imported into your code like so:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The font face definitions for `Sage UI` are defined within the `@sage/design-tokens` package. Once the package is installed the fonts can be imported into your code using the following snippets:
```

###### CSS

```css
@import "~@sage/design-tokens/assets/fonts/sageui.css";
```

###### JS

```js

> import fonts from "@sage/design-tokens/assets/fonts/sageui.css";

Reviewer: ```suggestion
import "@sage/design-tokens/assets/fonts/sageui.css";
```

```

> To load `CarbonIcons`, add the following css to your main stylesheet or in the `<head>` of your HTML wrapped in `<style>` tags:

Reviewer 2: What do you think about creating an `icons.css` file, just like design tokens have. That way the process for installing the font is the same.

Author: I agree, this should keep things simple during setup 👍🏼
